README.md, before:

## Lisgar Collegiate Institute Online Judge

This is a project started by the 2015-2016 Lisgar Computing Club (LCC) heads. The aim of this project is to create an online judge specific to the LCC, to be used for computer science classes, as well as in preparation for contests such as the CCC and the ECOO.

## How to install

On Ubuntu, run the following console command:
```shell
sudo apt-get install git && git clone https://github.com/LisgarComputingClub/Online-Judge-Install.git; cd Online-Judge-Install; bash install.sh && cd ../Online-Judge
```


The install script code can be found [here](https://github.com/LisgarComputingClub/Online-Judge-Install).

### How it Works

The general idea behind it is as follows: MongoDB on top of Node.js/express with Bootstrap to provide a responsive, fast, and beautiful judge. Users will be able to log in, and solve problems uploaded by administrators. Checking will be done server side, likely in C++.

The installation script runs the command located [here](https://gist.github.com/Porso7/1dea6140143961a3c762) to install the judge dependencies.

Commit message:

Updated README with command line arguments.

README.md, after:

## Lisgar Collegiate Institute Online Judge

This is a project started by the 2015-2016 Lisgar Computing Club (LCC) heads. The aim of this project is to create an online judge specific to the LCC, to be used for computer science classes, as well as in preparation for contests such as the CCC and the ECOO.

## How to install

On Ubuntu, run the following console command:
```shell
sudo apt-get install git && git clone https://github.com/LisgarComputingClub/Online-Judge-Install.git; cd Online-Judge-Install; bash install.sh && cd ../Online-Judge
```


The install script code can be found [here](https://github.com/LisgarComputingClub/Online-Judge-Install).

## Command Line Arguments
- Update Check Delay
    - Sets the time in milliseconds in between update checks.
    - Example: ```Shell node main updateDelay=3600000 ```
    - Sets the update check delay to 1 hour (3600000 milliseconds)
    
### How it Works

The general idea behind it is as follows: MongoDB on top of Node.js/express with Bootstrap to provide a responsive, fast, and beautiful judge. Users will be able to log in, and solve problems uploaded by administrators. Checking will be done server side, likely in C++.

The installation script runs the command located [here](https://gist.github.com/Porso7/1dea6140143961a3c762) to install the judge dependencies.
